# Notes from first demo to Peter and Brian

Friday, 8 May 2020 at noon

Peter, Brian, Misja, Kairsten, and Thomas

Overall very positive feedback from Peter and Brian.  We should move forward
with deploying the demo basically as-is and then further refine it.

## Decisions

  - Aim for first deployment next week.

  - Authentication is necessary.

  - Data update interval should be frequent to avoid misleading/stale data.
    Let's start at every minute?  Currently data refresh takes only ~10–15s.

## Current work

  - Provide a disambiguation UI when a barcode matches more than one record.

    We could pop open the table of records at `/scan-redcap/lookup-barcode` as
    a quick built-in option for now.

  - Figure out a deployment strategy.
  
    1. We could run Datasette as a uWSGI application inside its Pipenv, just
       like we run ID3C.

    2. We could deploy Datasette as a container.  The `datasette package`
       command can bundle everything up into a container.  We would have to be
       able to mount the SQLite database from the outside so it's easily
       updated regularly without container rebuilds.  We deploy Metabase and
       Lab Labels as containers already.

  - Figure out authentication for a deployment.
  
    This is probably our biggest technical hurdle to deployment.  Thomas should
    look into SSO with UW NetIDs.  In the immediate term, though, this could be
    simple htpasswd-style login for the unboxing team.  Safe to assume we'll do
    this at the Apache level instead of at the app-level within Datasette.

## Potential future work

  - Brian asked if we could add date of backend scan and/or consent date for
    record disambiguating.

  - Peter asked if we could add other REDCap projects as well (like the HAARVI
    projects).  Possible, but a little bit more work since they have a
    different structure in REDCap than the uniform SCAN projects.

  - Brian asked if we could pull down names as well.  Doing so would mean we'd
    have to secure this for PII and potentially get it approved, which would
    take a bit more effort.  Unclear if it'd be worth it.  Wait and see for
    now.

## Miscellaneous

  - Brian asked about searching by REDCap record id.  This is possible through
    the off-the-shelf Datasette interface on the underlying SQLite table, which
    is likely good enough for now.

  - We could serve the data API out of ID3C instead of Datasette if we wanted.
    To provide timely-enough data, we'd have to speed up our DET ingest cycle,
    but overall this might provide a lighter load on REDCap.
